# ldapreplay

Imagine you have retrieved the NTDS.dit of a DC, you can then use the tool
[ntdissector](https://github.com/synacktiv/ntdissector) to parse it. But if
you want to analyze deeper the ACLs or something else with your favorite tool?

ldapreplay is a solution to read the json files generated by ntdissector and
it exposes a small LDAP server. You are then able to connect your tool.

> [!CAUTION]
> ldapreplay is actually a POC. It may be slow on large domains and can contain bugs.

Tested with:

- ldapdomaindump
- ldapsearch
- bloodhound-python (then with my tool GriffonAD)


# Installation

## 1. Patch dissect to run ntdissector without errors

Otherwise you will get this error with ldapreplay:

    dn = o['distinguishedName'].lower()
           ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
    AttributeError: 'list' object has no attribute 'lower'

Comment these two lines in `dissect/database/ese/record.py`. See the
issue [ESE multivalue record is always returned as a list](https://github.com/fox-it/dissect.database/issues/46)

    303: # if column.is_multivalue and not isinstance(value, list):
    304: #     value = [value]


## 2. Requirements

    pip install -r requirements.txt


## 3. Patch ldaptor

We need to support comparison with bytes and extended filters (operators AND and OR).
Open the file `/usr/lib/python3.13/site-packages/ldaptor/entryhelpers.py` and search
for the class `MatchMixin`. Replace this class by the content of `ldaptor.patch`.


## 4. Patch ntdissector

Use my repo [ntdissector](https://github.com/shellinvictus/ntdissector) with the
correct patch.


# Use

    ./ldapreplay.py PATH_TO_NTDISSECTOR_OUTPUT

Then connect your tool to the local LDAP server!
